Skip to content

HTTPS clone URL

Subversion checkout URL

You can clone with HTTPS or Subversion.

Download ZIP
Newer
Older
100644 163 lines (114 sloc) 5.767 kb
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
1 UNPRIORITIZED TODO LIST
2 =======================
63952e6 @book Mise à jour du TODO avec découpage en catégories.
authored
3
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
4 * let the organizers force the registration of existing users
5db0901 @book start the translation of the TODO list from French to English
authored
5 (useful for speakers who can't be bothered to use the site,
6 but will give a talk)
d23733a @book mise à jour du TODO
authored
7
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
8 * the payments page should let the one create a new user, register it
5db0901 @book start the translation of the TODO list from French to English
authored
9 and add a payment (and use the code for finding duplicate users)
10 (useful for on site registration during the conference)
d23733a @book mise à jour du TODO
authored
11
5db0901 @book start the translation of the TODO list from French to English
authored
12 * convert the whole application to UTF8
28ee8e3 @book rapproche les items voisins
authored
13
5db0901 @book start the translation of the TODO list from French to English
authored
14 * replace Act::Form by Data::FormValidator
d23733a @book mise à jour du TODO
authored
15
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
16 * list and document all the templates in the application
17
18 * divide the template content between structural information needed
19 by the application (e.g. creation of the schedule, application
20 forms) and presentation information which should be overridable by
21 conference-specific templates
22
23 * define a set of coherent CSS styles for the application templates,
24 so that conference organizers may easily override the application
25 look and feel, and integrate it into their web site
26
27 * define a procedure (and possibly write some helper scripts) to
28 manage the text modifications. When someone changes some text
29 in the templates, the may be able to translate it at best in
30 one or two other languages. Other translators need to be
31 informed of the changes.
32
33 * track management: organizers should be able to create tracks for
34 their conference, speakers should be able to select a track for their talk
35
7433bae more stuff to do
Éric Cholet authored
36 * talk languages: define a set of accepted languages for a conference
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
37 and let the speakers set the talk language
38
7433bae more stuff to do
Éric Cholet authored
39 * talk target audience: beginner, intermediate, advanced.
40
41 * provide a full canonical url in each conf/act.ini for inter-conference links
42
43 * move the existing conf/act.ini out of Act.
44
4adea87 @book translate the IMPORTANT section of the TODO list
authored
45 * attendees: if a registered user doesn't show up, how is s/he counted?
46 should there be a way for the organisers to mark the attendees as
47 present?
48
49 * password modification page
50
51 * a website for managing one's profile outside any conference
52
53 * some statistics for the organizers
54 - T-shirts stats:
55 select count(*), tshirt_size from participations where conf_id=? group by tshirt_size;
56 - family stats:
57 select sum(nb_family) from participations where conf_id=?
58
59 * remove duplicate users from the database. this is an administrative task
60 which requires contacting users and asking which of their many logins
61 to keep
62
63 * problem with empty fields: they are not updated
64 see: stay pseudonymous, remove company
65
66 * there are 4 kinds or roles within a conference:
67 - user management
68 - talks management
69 - payments management
70 - rights management
71 this implies a modification of the existing rights:
72 - the name "orga" doesn't mean anything
73 - "staff" has no clear domain
74 - nowhere in the code should there be an "or" checking of rights
75 (like is_staff || is_orga): if some user needs to see such and
76 such parts of the site, they need the appropriate right
e570b8f @book problemes sur les droits
authored
77
f5990ef @book end of the translation
authored
78 * integrate a wiki into Act (using the Act users logins, maybe restricted
79 to users registered to the conference)
11e91bc more TODO translation
Éric Cholet authored
80 => this is being developped in the dev branch.
63952e6 @book Mise à jour du TODO avec découpage en catégories.
authored
81
11e91bc more TODO translation
Éric Cholet authored
82 * http://conferences.yapceurope.org/2005/user/214
83 The GPG key is often a very long string.
84 => we should just store a key id, keys can be fetched from GPG key servers.
c68efc5 @book la plupart des conf utilisent un wiki, il faudrait une option pour savoi...
authored
85
11e91bc more TODO translation
Éric Cholet authored
86 * most tables should be sortable by clicking on column headers.
b041ab7 Merged revisions 1054,1057 via svnmerge from svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act...
Éric Cholet authored
87 => by default, sort the user search results by registration date, not
88 by user_id
ab73ff8 @book petit problème d'affichage
authored
89
f5990ef @book end of the translation
authored
90 * when a conference is over, treasurer/orga should be able to unregister
11e91bc more TODO translation
Éric Cholet authored
91 participants who didn't show up.
71fba52 @book Le T-shirt est demandé à l'inscription (reste à copier l'info lors des r...
authored
92
11e91bc more TODO translation
Éric Cholet authored
93 * rights management
94 + show rights in table format, users as lines, rights as columns,
95 with checkboxes to grant rights, and a listbox to add a new user.
96 - pro: everything is controlled through a single form (granting
97 and removing rights), better per user vision.
98 - against: the list of rights must be supplied
99 (at worse: select distinct right_id from rights should do it)
63952e6 @book Mise à jour du TODO avec découpage en catégories.
authored
100
f5990ef @book end of the translation
authored
101 * photo gallery? Links with Flickr? tags? links with talks? author?
102
103 * image resizing
104
105 * usefulness of global rights?
106
107 * more tests, especially for the web interface
108
109 * may a user have a different photograph every year?
110
111 * change the "orga" right name
112
113 * think about the user prefered language as a preference list:
114 - ye2005, pt => list = pt
115 - fpw2005, fr => list = fr,pt
116 - ipw2005, en => list = en,fr,pt
117 at that point, we need to reconfigure the prefered language for
118 the two other sites
119 Another option is to add a lang field in participations, to have
120 a favorite language per conference
121
122 * global user stats (top attendee, top speaker, etc)
123
124 * user-configurable searchlimit
125
126 * support for several monger groups (addition, search)
127
0968925 @book some more TODO stuff
authored
128 * get the production conf/ out of Act
129
130 * PDF immutable invoices
131
132 * replace Act::Object with a more trendy ORM
133
134 * create a eg/ directory with at least two example conferences
135
e2278aa @book another wishlist item
authored
136 * support for per conference options, like
137 - register the hotel (e.g. european hackathon 2007)
138 - vegeratian food
f2033a2 @book what about conferences^Wevents without talks
authored
139
140 * hackathons do not have talks. Support that by disabling the talks
141 related handlers.
9180f90 @book what about providing a Most Used list at the top of countries list in th...
authored
142
143 * add a list of the top ten countries of already registered users for
144 the conference at the top of the country list when creating a new
145 user on a conference
146
d1ad57e @book more protection against fake acounts
authored
147 * two-steps new user creation using a confirmation email
148 and possibly a special validation URL
9630b3f Merged revisions 1045-1048 via svnmerge from svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act...
Éric Cholet authored
149
150 * allow a conference to put a limit on the number of "paying" attendees
151 => it may actually need to be a limit to "committed" attendes, since
152 speakers often have the entrance fee waived
153
154 * handle the edition of lightning talk sessions, by creating something
155 less burdensome than the current talk:id
156
157 * have the wiki support talk:id links and user:id links (or something
158 similar)
159
b041ab7 Merged revisions 1054,1057 via svnmerge from svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act...
Éric Cholet authored
160 * organizers can create new users, but there is no handler to manually
161 register/unregister an existing user
162
Something went wrong with that request. Please try again.